hey I'm snowed in so you know what I'm
going to do I'm going to make a nice ice
cold smoothie from the X Jim recipe on
the hard bod cafe if you go to X gym
calm and then you go to extras there
will be a drop down menu then you select
hard bod cafe and that goes to our
recipe page check out the snow whoo
that's some good stuff that's going on
with giant okay so here we have it the
blender and the supplies so the way we
do this I already got the water in there
one to two cups of water depending on
how thick you want it two to three
scoops of mrm vanilla way Emma runs the
best because they use stevia but for my
taste it's not quite sweet enough might
be sweet enough for you but for me hey
so I'm going to add some liquid stevia
to it sweeten it up a little bit more
mmm-hmm now this isn't on the recipe
page but just for kicks I put some aside
juice in there just about that much and
some goji juice in there they're both
super berries from exotic lands
and then blueberries these are from the
exotic Northwest organic mind you and
you just put them into a frozen and end
up with a bag plastic doesn't taste very
good in this recipe okay and then just
blend it up how easy is that so while
this is blending I'm going to be
explaining some very important point so
listen up it's going to take a little
bit here and
back
he game is pissed skip so there you have
it you know that's a whole that's really
what I wanted to say because that is the
most important information of this whole
recipe so we're not blending here and
we've got our smoothie completed and oh
it's good this is so good it still
shocks me every time oh I feel think I